1. Variable must be declared before use.
2. Assign has same types of values on lhs and rhs.
	implemented for integer, decimal, boolean, string.
	considered type narrowing for decimals.
3. If assigning Multiple values Number of variables should be same.
4. If assigning Multiple values	Types of each corresponding variable should be same.
5. After call keyword, a function should be called.
6. Number of values to be returned by function and specified in multiple should match.
7. Number of parameters of a function and specified while calling assign must match.
8. A array of particular type must be assigned the values of same type.
9. Array index can only be of type integer.
10. Array slicing is possible only when both arrays are of same type.
11. Range in both arrays should be of same size in array slicing.
12. Type of expression should be same while assignment.
	a) Type of expression for integers
		. cannot operate (PLUS, MINUS, MULT, DIV)on different types.
		. Only '+','-','*','/' operations are supported for integers.
	b) Type of Expression for decimal.
		.  cannot operate (PLUS, MINUS, MULT, DIV)on different types except decimals and integer.
		. Only '+','-','*','/' operations are supported for decimals.
	c) Type checking for STRING
		.Repeat operation can be done only on a string, 'integer number of times.
		.LEXICOGRAPHIC comparison can be done on strings only.
		.LEXICOGRAPHIC comparison can be done on predefined strings only.
13. If statement must have expressions of the type Boolean.
14. The types of variables near relational operator in if statement must match.
15. While statement must have expreesions of type Boolean.
16. The types of variables near relational operator in if statement must match.
17. Program must have a main function and it should be defined only once.
18. Functions cannot be called recursively.
19. Only collections can be passed to Name_EQu and Struct_Equ.
20. The result of Name_Equ and Struct_Equ is Boolean. So they should be assigned only to a boolean variable.
21. Functions that do not return anything, should be invoked appropriately.
